oops tubes are on the way to the release
event for mists of pandaria in in Irvine
California let's do this
I don't know she's the breeze for a
little bit
we're not here to actually cover a mochi
we're here to get pictures of Blizzard
employees holding the dog
yeah yeah then there's no smart they are
they're so smart and so sweet
Oh
puppy has been pooped this puppy's
exhausted he is ready to sleep probably
for the rest of the night here that's
what happens when you are at the center
of the universe for the most part the
whole thing went super well he wasn't
nervous when he started doing the shaky
thing and getting nervous putting him on
the groundwork to try that much more
reassuring and reinforcing to be able to
sniff around by himself on the ground
and see what's up without me holding him
so actually about putting him on the
ground more than I thought that I would
now we have a game to play
we have come home and it's time for mr.
Pitts Daria yeah and puppy
hello mother 90 tomorrow